site/pages/Docs/Desktop Editors/Usage API/Adding a DMS provider/Encryption/index.md, before:

Starting from version 5.6, ONLYOFFICE Desktop Editors offers support for Private Rooms, secure workspace where every symbol you type is encrypted end-to-end even if you co-edit documents in real time. Using ONLYOFFICE Desktop Editors makes it possible to encrypt and decrypt the data on the client, ensuring endpoint security.

## Processing desktop editors commands

Declare the *cloudCryptoCommand* function to process messages from the desktop app:

```
window.cloudCryptoCommand = function (type, params, callback) 
```

Parameters

| Name     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Type   |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| type     | Defines the command type:- *encryptionKeys* - to save private and public keys to the parameters,
- *relogin* - to re-enter the portal after unsuccessful keys decryption,
- *getsharingkeys* - to request for the public keys of all the users who have access to the file. The keys will be transferred via callback:

  callback ({"keys": \[{"userId": "78e1e841","publicKey": "yyy"}, ...]}) | string |
| params   | Defines the parameters that are passed to the method.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string |
| callback | Defines the result that the method returns.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | string |

Explore the following pages to find out which commands need to be used for:

* [Key generation](/desktop/addingdms/encryption/keygeneration)
* [Operations with encrypted files](/desktop/addingdms/encryption/operations)

Commit message:

Desktop Editors: fixes for navigation

site/pages/Docs/Desktop Editors/Usage API/Adding a DMS provider/Encryption/index.md, after:

---
order: -1
---

Starting from version 7.5, you can change a theme of the desktop editor tab. To do this, use the *portal:uitheme* command of the [execCommand](/desktop/execcommand) method.

```
window.AscDesktopEditor.execCommand ("portal:uitheme", editorTheme);
```

Parameters

| Name        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Type   | Example      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ------------ |
| editorTheme | Defines the editor theme settings. It can be set in two ways:- **theme id** - the user sets the theme parameter by its id (**theme-light**, **theme-classic-light**, **theme-dark**, **theme-contrast-dark**),
- **default theme** - the default dark or light theme value will be set (**default-dark**, **default-light**). The default light theme is **theme-classic-light**.The first option has higher priority.Apart from the available editor themes, the user can also customize their own [color themes](https://helpcenter.onlyoffice.com/installation/docs-developer-change-theme.aspx) for the application interface. | string | "theme-dark" |

Example

```
window.AscDesktopEditor.execCommand("portal:uitheme", "theme-dark")
```

When the *portal:uitheme* command is sent, the editor theme is changed to the one specified in the method parameters.

Starting from version 5.6, ONLYOFFICE Desktop Editors offers support for Private Rooms, secure workspace where every symbol you type is encrypted end-to-end even if you co-edit documents in real time. Using ONLYOFFICE Desktop Editors makes it possible to encrypt and decrypt the data on the client, ensuring endpoint security.

## Processing desktop editors commands

Declare the *cloudCryptoCommand* function to process messages from the desktop app:

```
window.cloudCryptoCommand = function (type, params, callback) 
```

Parameters

| Name     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Type   |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| type     | Defines the command type:- *encryptionKeys* - to save private and public keys to the parameters,
- *relogin* - to re-enter the portal after unsuccessful keys decryption,
- *getsharingkeys* - to request for the public keys of all the users who have access to the file. The keys will be transferred via callback:

  callback ({"keys": \[{"userId": "78e1e841","publicKey": "yyy"}, ...]}) | string |
| params   | Defines the parameters that are passed to the method.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string |
| callback | Defines the result that the method returns.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | string |

Explore the following pages to find out which commands need to be used for:

* [Key generation](/desktop/addingdms/encryption/keygeneration)
* [Operations with encrypted files](/desktop/addingdms/encryption/operations)
