---
order: -1
---


## Add comment in cell

Adds comments to spreadsheets.

[More](Add%20comment%20in%20cell/index.md)

## Add custom fields

Inserts custom fields into the document.

[More](Add%20custom%20fields/index.md)

## Autocomplete

Helps the user to input text quickly.

[More](Autocomplete/index.md)

## Chess

Inserts a Chess Board object into the document editor.

[More](Chess/index.md)

## Clippy

Adds the clippy assistant to the document editor.

[More](Clippy/index.md)

## Context menu and events

Tracks the events of calling the context menu and clicking on its items. It also tracks the cursor position change.

[More](Context%20menu%20and%20events/index.md)

## Count words and characters

Counts paragraphs, words and characters.

[More](Count%20words%20and%20characters/index.md)

## Extended comments

Pastes, edits and removes comments and replies (with user data) in a document.

[More](Extended%20comments/index.md)

## Get and paste html

Gets the document content as HTML code.

[More](Get%20and%20paste%20html/index.md)

## Hello World

Inserts the *Hello world!* phrase into the document.

[More](Hello%20world/index.md)

## Highlight code

Connects the Highlight.js library for highlighting the code syntax.

[More](Highlight%20code/index.md)

## Invoices

Inserts template fields for invoice information.

[More](Invoices/index.md)

## Language tool

Connects the LanguageTool assistant to check the text for grammar, style and spell errors.

[More](Language%20tool/index.md)

## Load custom fields

Loads custom fields from the document.

[More](Load%20custom%20fields/index.md)

## Move cursor

Moves the text cursor to the document start/end.

[More](Move%20cursor/index.md)

## OCR

Connects the TesseractJS-Core library for extracting text from an image.

[More](OCR/index.md)

## Photo Editor

Connects the Toast UI Image Editor for editing images right in the document.

[More](Photo%20editor/index.md)

## Search and change text background color

Searches for text and changes its background color.

[More](Search%20and%20change%20text%20background%20color/index.md)

## Search & replace

Searches the text and replaces it with another one.

[More](Search%20and%20replace/index.md)

## Search & replace on start

Searches and replaces text in the document when it is reopened.

[More](Search%20and%20replace%20on%20start/index.md)

## Settings

Protects a document using a watermark.

[More](Settings/index.md)

## Speech

Connects the guessLanguage.js library and the ResponsiveVoice service.

[More](Speech/index.md)

## Symbol Table

Inserts special symbols into the document.

[More](Symbol%20table/index.md)

## Telegram

Connects the Telegram within ONLYOFFICE editors.

[More](Telegram/index.md)

## Templates

Inserts templates generated by the Document Builder script.

[More](Templates/index.md)

## Thesaurus

Connects Big Huge Thesaurus to search for word synonyms and antonyms.

[More](Thesaurus/index.md)

## Translator

Connects Google Translate API for translating the selected text.

[More](Translator/index.md)

## Typograf

Connects the Typograf assistant which prepares text for publishing.

[More](Typograf/index.md)

## Work with content controls content

Inserts the content of one content control into another.

[More](Work%20with%20content%20controls%20content/index.md)

## Work with content controls navigation

Navigates content controls, selects and inserts text into them.

[More](Work%20with%20content%20controls%20navigation/index.md)

## Work with content controls tags

Gets the list of content controls tags.

[More](Work%20with%20content%20controls%20tags/index.md)

## YouTube

Embeds YouTube videos into the documents.

[More](YouTube/index.md)

## Zotero

Creates bibliographies in ONLYOFFICE editors.

[More](Zotero/index.md)
